BOOTSTRAP EXERCISE 1

Create a stuctured html file with Boostrap CDN.

!! Make sure to put a border in each of the block so you can see the way they work !!

1. Create a structure with a container, 2 rows and 3 columns in each row. What should be the width of each column so that the 3 columns will take the whole width of the row ?

2. Create a structure with a container, 2 rows and 2 columns in each row. Use offset to make a space between the 2 columns

3. Create a structure with 2 rows and 2 columns in each row. What happens if you don't have any container ?

4. Create a structure with a container, 2 columns. What happens if you don't have any row ?

5. Create a structure with a container, 1 row and 3 columns in the row. Make it responsive so depending of the width of the screen, the columns will be displayed differently. Write a code for 4 different type of screen.



BOOTSTRAP EXERCISE 2

On the same HTML file as above

1. Create a few alerts. Look on Bootstrap documentation to make 3 different alerts : blue, green red

2. Create a few buttons. Look on Bootstrap documentation to make 3 different buttons : blue, green red

3. Change the width of the alerts and of the buttons

4. Make the 3 buttons next to each other horizontally

5. Create a form that has 4 inputs : name, surname, phone number and email. The button of the form should be an icon of your choice

6. Make the form responsive depending on the width of the screen



GITHUB EXERCISE 1

1. Work now alone

2. In the initial repo (Exercise1), and from the main branch create a new branch called weather. 
Checkout to this new branch and add this sentence to hello.txt: Hey it's sunny today! . Than add, commit and push

3. Checkout to your main branch, has something changed in hello.txt ?

4. Checkout again to the weather branch and create a new file called talking_about_weather.txt and add 
this sentence Hey what do you think about the weather today?. Than add, commit and push

5. In order to see all the changes made in the new branch, inside the main branch, 
checkout to the main branch and merge inside the weather branch.


GITHUB EXERCISE 2

1. Work now in pairs (the same as before)

2. You will both work on the RepoB. From the main branch,the person 1 will create a new branch in the Repob called hobbies, add a new file hobbies.txt with the sentence Hey I love swimming! . Than add, commit and push.

3. On Github, click on the button "Compare and pull request", and merge the new branch with the main branch. Check before if they are not merging issues.
